Fix: optional `sort` param is handled incorrectly causing an api error in filter() method on assets, events, sequences, time_series apis (#1387)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

## [6.28.6] - 2023-10-05
### Fixed

> - Calling any of the methods `assets.filter()`, `events.filter()`, `sequences.filter()`, `time_series.filter()` without a `sort` parameter caused a `CogniteAPIError` with a 400 code. This is now fixed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Calling some of the methods `assets.filter()`, `events.filter()`, `sequences.filter()`, `time_series.filter()` without a `sort` parameter could cause a `CogniteAPIError` with a 400 code. This is now fixed. 
```

Reviewer: Date is also wrong assuming you merge today
